Young Master, this is the card for the best hotel in Jiangnan
The whole hotel is my product.
I have arranged for someone to prepare a supreme routine for you.
You rest first
If there is any news, I will let you know immediately.
Little master, why don't I drive you there?
Yuxin and I don't need to go back by ourselves.
Hahahaha
Dad, I have successfully absorbed the supreme suffering
Breakthrough to the early stage of the Supreme
As expected of my son
At the age of 20, he broke through to the supreme realm
Look at the whole dragon fruit
Can anyone find the second one?
That Xu Tian sedan doesn't even deserve to carry my son's shoes
The supreme fruit conceived by your son
Really extraordinary
It's a pity that he is supreme for you
Shen Fan, are you still human?
How did Xiaotiandang Goose treat you?
Tell you to practice
Give you resources
But what about you?
The massacre has not been extinguished yet
Temporary violator
Now even his only bloodline is not spared
Is that how you repay him?
shut up
The prince just said information
Lin Haoran is not dead
Also summoned a lot of Lin Xiaotian's curses in Jiangnan
Not dead dad, don't worry about him being pumped
Even if the Supreme is not dead
He's also a cripple, I'll go to Jiangnan and kill him
In love
All its swordsmanship
Also take this opportunity
Let the world see what the true Heavenly Cult is